# m8c_arkos
A set of scripts to download, compile, and run m8c on devices running ArkOS.

Put all three scripts in your ports folder. You can run all three scripts from emulation station, but I recommend doing the setup over ssh so you can see if anything goes wrong. Run setup_m8c.sh. This installs the dependencies and sets up the necessary permissions to access the m8 over usb. You will have to reboot your device for these permissions to take effect. Then run update_m8c.sh. This will download the latest build of m8c and compile it. You can run this script any time to update to the latest version. Plug in the m8 headless after emulation station has loaded and before running m8c from emulation station. If everything worked right, it should launch. If the audio is not working as expect, run the fix audio script in Emulation Station's options area. With the latest version of ArkOS and m8c, speakers and headphones both wired and bluetooth should work and have adjustable audio.

You can close m8c by holding select or L2 and clicking the right analogue stick. If your device lacks a right stick, you may be able to remap the gamepad_quit to a different button. Some devices have awkward select and start placements. If you have a four button controller, you'll want to map the x and y to start and select to make all the button combinations easy to do with a four button set up. If this is something you'd like to do, ssh into the device and edit the config. It's located at /home/ark/.local/share/m8c/config.ini. Change gamepad_select to 3 and gamepad_start to 2. If you want to more closely reflect the physical hardware and the controls in the android app, swap edit with start and opt with select. If audio routing doesn't work as expected, change audio_enabled to true in config.ini. It is enabled in my config.
